The following files are necessary if you use LAML together with the Emacs text editor.

laml-mode.el      An emacs mode for LAML, which identifies laml buffers
                  with respect to the activation facilities in laml.el (see below).

laml-execute.el   Supports convenient Scheme processng of files with a laml extension.
                  The main command is laml-process-current-buffer.
                  In the first section of this file, the functions start-laml-process and
                  call-laml-process dispatches to different start-process and call-process
                  activation, depending on the value of the variable scheme-system.

laml-key-menu-bindings.el
                  Most of the Emacs menu and keybindings for LAML. LENO and Elucidator
                  keybindings are found in separate files. 

laml-customize.el
                  The facility for LAML customization.

laml-general.el   Generally useful Emacs lisp functions used for LAML (and beyond).

laml-emacs-support.el
                  The file to load from your .emacs file.
                  Loads a number of other elisp files.

dired-extensions.el
                  Extensions to dired that allow us to copy files from on dired directory to another
                  to copy directories recursively, and to delete directories recursively.
                  You should be very careful when using these powerful procedures. 
                  Very few questions are asked!  The work is just done.  
                  Just used a few places in LAML software.

structural-regular-expressions.el
                  Translation of structural regular expressions to textual regular
                  expressions. The meta character such as + and * are automatically
                  escaped when they occur in strings.

templates         A directory with textual temlates used by laml-template.el





The following files are not directly related to LAML:

scheme-interpreter-unit-testing/scheme-interpreter-unit-testing.el
                  A layer on top of Schemeunit - the Schematics unit testing framework for Scheme.
                  Relies on some of the other Emacs lisp libaries for LAML.





The directory called notes contain various notes about the elisp programs. 